WHAT IS ECMAScript?
ECMAScript (often abbreviated as ES) is a scripting language specification developed by Ecma International. It serves as the standard for several scripting languages, 
including JavaScript, JScript, and ActionScript

WHAT IS JAVASCRIPT?
JavaScript is a versatile and widely-used programming language primarily known for its ability to create dynamic and interactive content on the web. It is a high-level, interpreted language
that allows developers to add functionality to web pages, create web applications, and build server-side applications.
GOOGLE SEARCH ENGINE-V8
FIREFOX SEARCH ENGINE-SPIDERMONKEY

JAVASCRIPT-var,let,const,date,func
ECMAScipt (Beyond)-setTimeout,Read file

WHAT IS NODEJS?
Node.js is an open-source, server-side runtime environment built on the JavaScript V8 engine. It allows developers to run JavaScript code on the server, enabling them to build scalable and efficient
network applications. (it is slow)

Google uses V8 and for web application we need js(meant for browser) so we pull out v8 engine and added extra features and take js to create a runtime(something that can run or compile js) and here where Nodejs came into picture.

WHAT IS BUN?
Bun is a new JavaScript runtime built from scratch to serve the modern JavaScript ecosystem.(It is faster) It has three major design goals:

Speed-> Bun starts fast and runs fast. It extends JavaScriptCore, the performance-minded JS engine built for Safari. As computing moves to the edge, this is critical.
Elegant-> APIs. Bun provides a minimal set of highly-optimimized APIs for performing common tasks, like starting an HTTP server and writing files.
Cohesive ->DX. Bun is a complete toolkit for building JavaScript apps, including a package manager, test runner, and bundler.

WHAT NODEJs WILL DO?
->CREATE CLIS(command line interface)
->CREATE VIDEO PLAYER
->CREATE GAME
->CREATE HTTP Server (imp we will work on it)


What is HTTP PROTOCOL?
->A protocol that defines the machine to communicate 
->Specially with websites,it the most common way for your website frontend to talk to your website backend.

For example:-when in google.com we do any sort of search, it sends the request to the data centre and then the data send the required data to your browser
Frontend talk to Backend through routers/wires

WHAT IS HTTP SERVER?
->some code that follows http protocol and helps to communicate with the clients(browser/mobile apps)

In the end client throwing some information  to the server, server doing something with that information and responding back the final result.
Similar to functions->through some parameters taking the values ,performing some manipulatopns and returning a result
server is taking the input from the client on the interne, doings some work (like authentication like whther the user is currentlu using gpt) then prviding the results
