What is Version Control?
Version control, also known as source control or revision control, is a system that records changes to a file or set of files over time. It allows multiple contributors to work on a project 
simultaneously without conflicts and helps track changes, maintain a history of revisions, and facilitate collaboration.

TYPES OF VERSION CONTROL?

-->  There are two main types of version control systems: centralized version control systems (CVCS) and distributed version control systems (DVCS).

 >Centralized Version Control System (CVCS):

In CVCS, there is a central server that stores the entire version history of the project.
Developers have a working copy of the project on their local machines, but the definitive version is maintained on the central server.
Examples of CVCS include Concurrent Versions System (CVS) and Apache Subversion (SVN).

>Distributed Version Control System (DVCS):

In DVCS, every developer has a complete copy of the repository, including the full history and all branches, on their local machine.
Developers can work independently and commit changes to their local repository without the need for constant connection to a central server.
Popular DVCS tools include Git, Mercurial, and Bazaar.

BASIC WORKFLOW OF GIT::
  Working directory
      |(git add)
  Staging area 
      |(git commit)
  Repository


BLOBS::
-------
In Git, a "blob" (binary large object) is a fundamental data object that represents the content of a file. It stores the content of the file but doesn't contain any metadata about the file, such as its name
or permissions. Blobs are one of the four fundamental object types in Git, along with trees, commits, and tags.

SHA-1 Hash: The identifier of a blob is its SHA-1 hash. The hash is based on the content of the file, which ensures data integrity.

TREES::
-------
Trre is a object which represents the directory.It holds blobs as well as the other sub-directory.

  Github WorkFlow                                                                       Git WorkFlow
--------------------                                                                  -----------------
     Write Code                                                                           Write Code
        |                                                                                    |
   Commit code changes                                                               Stage Code Changes
        |                                                                                    |      (git add)
Pull Request(If repo is not urs)                                                       Commit changes
                                                                                             |      (git push) 
                                                                                      Push ur code to the remote repo


--------------------------BRANCHING------------------------------------------
Branching in Git allows you to diverge from the main development line (usually called the master branch) and continue working on a separate line of development. This is useful for working on new features,
bug fixes, or experimental changes without affecting the main codebase until the changes are ready to be merged.


Eg:: Suppose in a project various developers are working assigned various functionalities in the software

Master Branch         
c1(commit)->c2(commit)->c3(commit)-----------------------------> Merge
                            |                                   ^
                            |                                   |
      feature Branch      C1(Commit) ->C2(commit)-------------  |        All the changes made in the feature branch is not known by the master branch


Merge Conflict:---In feature branch merge is only possible if it does not conflict with the master branch
Suppose While working in the feature branch there is a bug that happened so we create a new branch named  hotfix branch resolved that issues and then merge that with the master branch 


---Merge conflict occurs--
1.while starting the merge process (If there are changes in the working directory area for the current project,merging won't start)
2.during the merge process (when there is a conflict between the local branch naf the branch getting merged)

merge conflict occurs : Suppose developer A and developer B are working on the same directory on the local branch .Now developer A tries to push some changes into the main directory. And then developer B tries to push the changes.So developer B will not knowing the current status of the main directory and will result in merge conflict as developer A has made changes into the main directory.

Merge conflicts:
---------------------
1. git log --merge : produce the listy of commits that are causing the conflict
2. git diff : identify the diff between the state of the repo files
3.git checkout: Used to undo the changes made in the file or for changing branches
4.git reset --mixed:Used to undo the changes to the working directory and the staging area
5.git merge --abort:Helps in exiting the merge process and returning back the state before the merging begins.
